[New] Add WMS layer (#188)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Add WMS layer/README.md

# Add WMS layer

Display a WMS layer using a WMS service URL.

![Image of add WMS layer](add-wms-layer.png)

## Use case

WMS is an OGC standard for displaying maps from images that are dynamically-generated on a web server. WMS is particularly useful for data that changes frequently, contains cartographically complex detail, or requires an open source data standard.

## How to use the sample

The map will load automatically when the sample starts.

## How it works

1. Create a `WMSLayer` specifying the URL of the service and the names of layers you want to display.
    * **Note**: The name comes from the `Name` property, not the `Title` property. On many services, the title is human-readable while the name is a numeric identifier.
2. Add the layer to the map as an operational layer.

## Relevant API

* Map
* MapView
* WMSLayer

## About the data

> This sample uses a [U.S. National Weather Service radar map](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/geoserver/observations/weather_radar/wms). Because WMS services generate map images on-the-fly, this layer is always up-to-date with the latest [NOAA nowCOAST](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/) real-time coastal observations, forecasts and warnings.

Reviewer: The link reads as if you're being taken to a map when you're really being directed to a WMS service, which isn't really a useful page when viewed in the browser.

<img width="1649" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-26 at 15 44 26" src="https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples/assets/16397058/5524b926-fc31-4f41-a38d-cbc39b85d25d">

```suggestion
This sample uses the WMS service behind the [U.S. National Weather Service radar map](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/). Because WMS services generate map images on-the-fly, this layer is always up-to-date with the latest NOAA nowCOAST real-time coastal observations, forecasts and warnings.
```

> This sample uses a [U.S. National Weather Service radar map](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/geoserver/observations/weather_radar/wms). Because WMS services generate map images on-the-fly, this layer is always up-to-date with the latest [NOAA nowCOAST](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/): real-Time coastal observations, forecasts and warnings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample uses a [U.S. National Weather Service radar map](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/geoserver/observations/weather_radar/wms). Because WMS services generate map images on-the-fly, this layer is always up-to-date with the latest [NOAA nowCOAST](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/): real-time coastal observations, forecasts and warnings.
```
Sorry, missed the capitalization in my last suggestion!

# Add WMS layer

Display a WMS layer using a WMS service URL.

![Image of add WMS layer](add-wms-layer.png)

## Use case

WMS is an OGC standard for displaying maps from images that are dynamically-generated on a web server. WMS is particularly useful for data that changes frequently, contains cartographically complex detail, or requires an open source data standard.

## How to use the sample

The map will load automatically when the sample starts.

## How it works

1. Create a `WMSLayer` specifying the URL of the service and the names of layers you want to display.
    * **Note**: The name comes from the `Name` property, not the `Title` property. On many services, the title is human-readable while the name is a numeric identifier.
2. Add the layer to the map as an operational layer.

## Relevant API

* Map
* MapView
* WMSLayer

## About the data

> This sample uses a [U.S. National Weather Service radar map](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/geoserver/observations/weather_radar/wms). Because WMS services generate map images on-the-fly, this layer is always up-to-date with the latest [NOAA NEXRAD radar](https://www.ncei.noaa.gov/products/radar/next-generation-weather-radar) observations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample uses a [U.S. National Weather Service radar map](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/geoserver/observations/weather_radar/wms). Because WMS services generate map images on-the-fly, this layer is always up-to-date with the latest [NOAA nowCOAST](https://nowcoast.noaa.gov/): real-Time coastal observations, forecasts and warnings.
```

## Tags

OGC, web map service

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Better to keep the README with a single linebreak at EOF.
